# TheGamingRoom_design_document
Design document for the Win It Or Lose It game development.


As a Technology Consultant for Creative Technology Solutions (CTS) I have been asked to prepare a software design document and begin developing the game application. I've been asked to evaluate the three traditional operating platforms (Linux, Mac, and Windows), as well as mobile platforms, for how the game application software could be deployed and run and what would be required to do so for The Gaming Room. The Gaming Room wants to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It, which is currently available in an Android app only. The Gaming Room is interested in expanding their gaming app to multiple platforms using various software patterns in distributed environments.
This design document makes a detailed comparison between the various OS platforms while explaining the process involved in fulfilling their requirements and providing them with development recommendations. Working through a design document, I found it helpful to look forward by planning actions before jumping on the actual coding task. However, the design constraint section could be revised by looking in more detail and creating deeper planning steps to improve it. Interpreting the user's needs and implementing them into your software design early might save valuable time later on while working on the actual code and providing the client with a cornerstone sample for his approval. This may prevent redundant work of rewriting and updating the fundamental structure of the project.
